Make way.
(Episode 1)
Move.
Make way.
Stop.
Gosh.
Goodness. Are you okay?
Oh, my.
Mr. Kim!
Let's not meet ever again.
Oh, my.
- Oh, my. - Are you okay?
Are you okay?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
My shoulders hurt.
Take this arm.
Where do you think you're going? You need to pay me.
Do I owe you?
Cut the nonsense and pay me right now.
If not, I'm going to follow you to your company.
How will you take away my precious money?
How?
Look.
I'll deal with it according to the law.
(Petition for back pay)
(Petitioner, Baek June)
She's like a leech.
You're a dracula that sucks the blood from part-timers.
Disappear from my life after this.
This is still my money.
Don't look down on your part-timers,
and don't try to bilk money from them.
Live an honest life, Mr. Kim.
Here.
- What is this? - Your change.
I'm a calculative person.
I'm late.
I'm Baek June.
I'm the perfect alpha girl for the 21st century of Korea.
No, I'm just a part-timer.
Can I have two cups of lattes?
Yes, do you want them hot?
Thank you.
Part-time jobs are also jobs.
You can earn as much as regular jobs...
if you work at three good part-time jobs.
People say that you should get...
a stable job when you're younger.
Do they know that people spend...
thousands of dollar each year to acquire...
requirements for jobs?
- Here. - Okay.
Okay.
- Thank you. - Have a drink.
Just give me half a cup.
Drink up.
Okay.
Drink some more. It's like an energy drink.
I can't be drunk for my next schedule.
How many part-time jobs are you working per day?
You graduated from college. Why are you living like that?
I think investing time and money to get a job is useless.
You're right. Everyone is a college graduate these days.
They all get fired when they turn 40 years old...
no matter how hard they try.
I was fired at 39.
The first country is Switzerland.
This is Mr. Kim from M Electronics.
I was a big player from Yeouido.
Mr. Lee used to work at L Securities.
People treated Mrs. Ahn well in Gangnam...
before her husband's business collapsed.
We need to golf together some time.
A stable job in Korea has become...
a fantasy since a long time ago.
I know a person who went through restructuring.
He opened a chicken restaurant and a convenience store...
and died from a brain hemorrhage.
That's why I chose a path that was fast and durable.
(Human management, Walking the right path)
(Byun Gang Soo, Chairman of Gangsoo Group)
You're here.
- It's been a long time. - Hello.
Chairman Byun.
You're here.
Thank you for making time for us.
Congratulations.
Yes, thank you.
How have you been?
Good. How about you?
Thanks to you, I'm doing good.
You're beautiful tonight.
Thank you.
Would you like some champagne?
Please.
Again, congratulations.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
This way.
Do you want a drink?
I'm working.
He says, "Human management".
Your chairman is so strict.
He should allow his employees to enjoy events like this.
When did you get employed at the hotel?
It's a part time job.
When are you going to stop working part time?
What's wrong with working part time?
While you, a full-time employee at Gangsoo,
have to stand up straight all day and can't even get a drink of water,
I can eat whenever I want.
The caviar tastes so nice today.
The lack of responsibility is what differentiates a professional.
Where is the chairman's son that you are taking care of?
I want to see a rich man's son for myself.
Don't mind that and just do your work.
Sure.
Hello? Where are you?
My friend. My friend.
My friend.
Je Hoon.
My friend. My friend.
Is everything okay?
Chae Ri didn't come.
We were supposed to meet in Bali.
But she ignored my texts and didn't even call me.
My friend. Where are you?
Are you the only one on this plane?
Excuse me, sir.
If you're done, please return the telephone.
I still miss Chae Ri, Je Hoon.
What should I do now?
Chae Ri.
Are you drunk? Where are you?
Excuse me.
This is Hankook Airways flight from Bali to Incheon.
The other passengers are complaining about the phone call.
Would it be all right if I hang up?
Thank you.
Please sit down.
I'm already sitting down.
Not there. Down here.
Chae Ri.
Can I have one more drink?
Please, I beg you.
I'm afraid it's not going to be possible due to company regulations.
Everyone. Everyone. This airline...
has a really bad service.
- Where's the way out? - Wait.
- Where's the way out? - You shouldn't stand up right now.
Sit down this instant.
Let me go.
Gosh.
- Why are you trying to... - Oh, my.
I'm going to shoot this taser gun.
Chae Ri...
You're really funny.
Thank you for coming.
Your eldest son always looks handsome.
Thank you.
Where's your younger son?
He's on his way.
He has a severe cold. He won't be coming here.
- Why... - Did he do something wrong again?
Stop.
Excuse me, Father.
You know I'm aerophobic.
It's so scary when the airplane shakes.
To explain everything, as soon as I stood up,
the airplane shook really bad.
You know how when you're in an unexpected situation,
you try to hold on to something, right?
That's why you held on to the stewardess's breasts?
Yes.
I was so scared that the airplane would fall at any minute.
Can't you understand me?
It wasn't sexual harassment.
My management philosophy has always been...
based on...
the people.
People based management...
is the most important virtue and value...
in the fourth industrial revolution...
of the 21st century.
That's the road that Gangsoo Group is headed...
and its goal.
I, Byun Gang Soo,
will try to continue the former chairman's goals...
and make Gangsoo Group...
succeed proudly in the global market...
as the company that leads the economic development...
of Korea.
Hey.
Let's go.
Wait.
Okay.
Your hair.
- Is this okay? - Yes.
You scumbag!
I'm sorry. Please calm down and listen to me.
What excuse are you going to make up...
this time, scumbag?
It wasn't like that. I didn't do it on purpose.
Come here. Come here. Come here right now!
You jerk! How did I end up with a scumbag like this?
I'm sorry. It's my fault I gave birth to such a lacking son.
You're blaming yourself again.
I told you so many times. I came out early because I was in a hurry.
If you had been born after seven months and made your mom suffer,
you should get a hold of yourself and start acting like a human.
Father, your blood pressure.
My blood pressure? Before you worry about my blood pressure,
you should worry about your legs first.
Chairman Byun, I brought this.
If you only use violence,
there won't be any communication between us.
What? Communication?
Hyuk, just beg him for forgiveness.
Why do you get angry even before you hear me out?
Manager Kwon, get down.
- Father. - Yes, Chairman Byun.
No, Je Hoon did nothing wrong.
He made a mistake of letting...
a time bomb get onto a plane by himself.
I lied to him to get onto the plane.
You scums. You're just the same.
Don't you have things to do that are worth doing?
Father.
I'm sorry, Father.
It's all my fault.
If you are going to hit someone,
hit me.
Don't let me see him again for a while.
Thank you, Manager Kwon.
Stand up.
Why won't my father...
ever listen to me?
I have my reasons.
He just gets angry at me...
to vent out his anger.
Well,
I must obey him.
He's the king.
Just know that you have your privileges thanks to him...
before you complain.
Maybe.
Thank you.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Can you clean this up by yourself?
Of course. This is the least I can do to earn more.
You should go.
Well, you're good at your job.
I'll leave the rest up to you.
Bye, thank you.
Bye.
I'm home.
Hello. Good morning.
I think your body needs this.
How are you?
You have dark circles under your eyes.
It'll get better if you drink this. Feel free to take this free sample.
Thank you.
Hello. Good morning.
Manager Kwon!
When did you get promoted?
I said I'm not drinking it.
Please take it as you got promoted.
Help me improve my performance.
Let's talk outside for a minute.
Take this.
What is it?
(Job application)
It's an application form for a new recruit.
Why are you giving this...
You're qualified enough to pass the resume screening...
if I talk to human resources.
You have a reason for delivering vegetable juice here, don't you?
Stop trying to be acquainted with the employees here...
by visiting different departments.
It won't help if you're acknowledged that way.
You'll lose points on your job interview.
Why?
Because delivering vegetable juice is insignificant?
Hey.
People are valued according to what they do.
You're deluding yourself that you're doing something grand.
I don't want to earn money like you by cleaning up after rich people.
Stop standing on your petty pride.
After all, what you're doing now...
also makes money for that company's CEO.
No.
At least, I'm not a fixer for company owner's son.
Right. I haven't seen it these days.
It was fun to see your face on newspapers.
I'm telling you again.
I'm not interested in permanent positions,
especially at the company you're working.
(The younger son of Gangsoo Group found driving while intoxicated)
Byun Hyuk, the younger son of Gangsoo Group.
He's quite famous.
He drives while intoxicated, dine and dash in a club,
and even urinates on the street.
You wrap up the cases roughly,
and you're the one who appears on the media.
Air rage is a serious crime.
It's different from those misdemeanors.
I know that.
Have you eaten yet?
It's still early.
Is it?
It's been so long since I ate on time.
This is how a prosecutor lives.
I can't eat on time or sleep on time.
It's a difficult job.
There's no easy job in the world, you know.
It must be hard for you to clean up after rich people.
I'll consider this matter settled.
I'll get going now.
I thought you would work as my subordinate.
Didn't you prepare for the bar exam?
I was surprised to hear that you entered Gangsoo Group.
You were the top student in your class.
Why are you living like this?
You and I are...
not so different.
We're both salaried employees.
Are you looking down on me for taking bribes?
I understand.
It's hard to reject the order your superior gives.
This is not a bribe. It's a compensation.
Look at you.
I forgot. Call me whenever you find your work hard.
At the legal department I work,
I can make your position available.
You can get an annual salary as much as you want.
Bye.
I met the prosecutor in charge and settled the matter.
It's the original file. There's no copy of it.
Even though he's my brother,
I don't understand at all what he's thinking.
I think he makes mistakes often as he's an emotional person.
Anyway, it was settled quietly thanks to your effort.
I guess he would stay quiet for a while after this.
He should.
Where is he now?
There's no way this is how we're saying goodbye.
There must be an inevitable reason.
We're being out of touch for a short while.
I should not be obsessed with it.
- What are you looking at? - I really didn't look.
- You looked! - You're the prettiest.
- Come on. - I really didn't look.
- You looked. - What's this?
It's nothing.
- Catch me if you can! - What are you doing?
Chae Ri!
It was definitely Chae Ri's voice.
Chae Ri, Chae Ri!
The key!
What do I do?
- Let's go and have fun. - All right.
Chae Ri.
34, 35...
No, he can't go with Chae Ri!
My goodness. My earring! My earring!
Honey, honey!
What's wrong, honey?
You're the only one who's been to this room!
That's true, but you shouldn't accuse me of something like that.
Goodness. You're even so beautiful when you're angry, honey.
That's enough. You might get wrinkles.
It's nothing. I can buy you the same one.
You look so shameless. Who do you think you're lying to?
I've dealt with people like you so many times.
Honey!
Buy me all of these.
Sure. You can have all of them.
Really?
Can I pay by credit card?
- Honey, I want this too. - Sure.
Honey, how about this one?
- Honey. - I'll pay for all of them.
Thank you, honey.
Congratulations on 30 days of dating...
for Byun Hyuk and Hong Chae Ri!
Everybody, scream!
All right. Kiss!
- Kiss! - Kiss!
- Kiss him now! - Kiss!
I'm so jealous!
Honey, you can go to Bali first.
I'll be there too really soon. All right?
If you didn't take it, where would it be?
You're the only one who cleaned in this room.
I just did my duty.
I haven't seen a trash that looks like it.
So, if you want to treat me like I am a thief,
you need to provide a proper evidence.
It's suspicious that a young person is doing this kind of work.
Haven't you been going after guests' valuables this way?
What did you just say?
How dare you talk to me that way?
You're really...
- You can't do this! - Honey!
What are you doing now?
- Stop right there! - Apologize to her now!
She grabbed me first. Tell someone who grabbed first to apologize!
Baek June, let her go!
Why are you telling me to apologize? Why?
Because she's our customer.
I'm sorry to have made you worry.
I'll find what you have lost as soon as I can.
If I can't find it, I'll compensate for your damage.
Before that, I need to receive an apology from a rude employee.
What are you doing, Ms. Baek?
You should apologize right now.
Baek June!
Gosh, seriously...
Goodness, you crazy!
Yes, I'm the crazy one here.
I'll end up paying for a diamond I haven't touched if I can't find it.
That's enough to drive me crazy, isn't it?
Baek June, stop it now!
You told me to find it!
An employee should first understand when a customer gets upset.
Didn't you hear me when I said you should apologize?
I didn't do anything wrong. Why do I have to apologize?
The customer is always right.
Gosh. Seriously...
Well...
Oh, my foot!
What's this?
[VIU Ver] E01 Revolutionary Love ""
-= Ruo Xi =-
My earring!
Put your foot away!
This customer is not right at all.
An apology should be made by someone who did wrong.
Hey, rude punk. Apologize to me.
I'll put my foot away if you apologize.
- She's incredible. - You lunatic!
I'm sorry, ma'am.
Hey.
You're not a match for me.
I can sue you for making a false accusation.
But that's just wasting revenue stamp on the paper, so I won't.
I'm sorry. I sincerely apologize.
Hey, Ms. Baek!
This is so annoying!
Honey?
Honey.
Honey, honey!
No, no!
It's annoying, so annoying!
After losing love, I write.
- Honey! - Good bye,
short nights.
Good bye,
desires that are not mine any more.
Even though you're a part timer,
you don't have basic manners as an employee here.
An employee should provide work and get paid accordingly.
Do I have to give up being respected?
Money equals respect, at least here.
The salary you receive comes out of the customer's wallet.
That's not right.
If I have to give up being respected and sacrifice my emotions,
the minimum wage of 6.5 dollars per hour is too little.
If you're not satisfied with your pay, you should quit.
How can you say that?
She did nothing wrong. Can you just fire her like that?
Stay quiet for a while and don't cause any trouble, understand?
Anyway, she was treated as if she were a thief. Don't you think...
this is unfair?
What...
Are those in charge of training doing their jobs at all?
That's enough. Calculate my work days after last month,
and send the money to my account today.
The customer is right?
Even the president gets brought down for doing something wrong.
It's not the Restoration period!
I agree. The customer is right?
Her way of thinking is too old-fashioned.
Get out. Both of you, get out now.
Well?
Get out now.
I can walk out.
I have legs too.
Shut it!
This is unfair dismissal.
Is it my fault to ask to treat us as humans?
Unfair what?
I heard that from somewhere.
I can't believe this.
You boast the best service when you treat your employees like this.
I wish your hotel goes out of business.
You don't have to curse because that happened.
What are you doing?
I'm just...
Are you also a part-timer?
- Do you work at the spa? - What?
No, I don't.
Are you a permanent employee?
Did they still fire you like this?
(Permanent employee?)
This hotel is good for nothing.
Just report them to the employment and labor administration.
That's not it.
I don't think that's necessary.
They're acting like this because you just suffer like this.
Report them and make them pay a fine.
Make sure you receive...
back pay and the legal interest.
Do I really need to?
Good luck.
I wish you victory.
Anyway, thank you for fighting with me.
You're a comrade.
Hey.
What is your name?
Me?
It's Baek June.
Baek June.
What is your name?
Hyuk.
Byun Hyuk.
It's a good name. It's stylish.
Goodbye, Byun Hyuk.
Before she called my name,
I was just a gesture.
When she called my name,
I became...
a flower.
What happened?
Why are you stopping me from entering?
Just leave for today.
We will calculate your back pay and compensation...
and send it to your account.
You must be misunderstanding...
because I'm dressed like this.
I'm not a worker.
The manager gave us instructions to ban...
employees from entering who caused trouble.
This isn't right.
I didn't want to reveal my identity.
Don't reveal it. Don't tell anyone.
I'm Byun Hyuk of Gangsoo Group.
I'm the son of Chairman Byun Gang Soo.
I really am. Believe me.
- Hey. - Be quiet.
I'm the son of Chairman Byun Gang Soo.
- Let go. - Put him down.
- Let me go. - Put him down.
I'm the son of Chairman Byun Gang Soo.
Be quiet.
Will you come to your senses when we call the police?
We're both going to die...
if you keep becoming the center of gossip.
My friend.
Those punks.
How could they throw someone out like this?
I don't have my phone and wallet. What should I do?
Comrade!
Do you also take the bus from here?
What? Yes.
You're hurt.
I was in a scuffle...
while trying to get back in the hotel.
Did they hit you?
No.
I was just slightly pitting my strength with them.
I was like a lone Spartan warrior fighting...
several ten millions of enemies.
Can I borrow...
your phone to make a call?
I left my phone and wallet at the hotel.
Did they also stop you from getting your personal items?
They're vicious.
Here, use it as much as you want to.
Thank you.
Doesn't it work?
I always used speed-dial,
so I don't remember the number.
My bus is here. I have to go.
Okay, thank you.
Did you eat?
What's wrong?
I need to open a suite.
We can't locate a guest.
According to regulations, we can't open it without permission.
I'm from the management support team of Gangsoo Group.
The guest is Byun Hyuk, the second son of Byun Gang Soo.
(The chairman's son)
I'm Byun Hyuk, the son of Chairman Byun Gang Soo.
I'm going to put some condiments,
some salted shrimp,
perilla powder,
a lot of green onions,
and kkakdugi liquid.
Okay.
Part-timers sometimes need to eat high protein food like this.
Why aren't you eating?
What is this?
It's sundae gukbap.
Is this your first time seeing sundae gukbap?
It's my first time seeing sundae in water.
You're pickier than you look.
Try it first.
Okay.
Try eating some of that meat.
It's my first time eating something that looks like this.
This is pork head.
These are the heart and intestines.
That's the ear.
Ear?
The ear of a pig?
Yes.
Don't eat it if you don't want to.
This is soul food for me.
It's really delicious.
Her soul is consoled...
while eating pig's ear.
I think...
humans are really cruel.
Don't you like pork?
Are you a vegetarian?
No.
I think we should enjoy eating...
for the noble sacrifice of the pigs.
Do you know how much...
the suite costs per day?
About 1,200 dollars?
My rent and living expenses for a month...
is about 1,200 dollars.
I have to work hard for a month to get that much money.
Is that all you get?
They looked like they were in a similar age group as us.
They didn't pay that themselves.
Of course, their parents paid for them.
Yes, they were abusing their power with money from their parents.
Korea's corruption perceptions index is increasing because of them.
People like us are harmed because of them.
What kind of harm?
They make us feel a feeling of loss...
and make us lose the will to do our best in life.
They make us feel that life is futile,
and that decreases our quality of life.
But you can't say that they harmed us directly.
You don't have a sense of reality.
Because of them, we got kicked out.
- That's right. - You...
will keep being a pushover like this.
Poor people like us have to be on our toes all the time.
Don't forget what kind of country we're living in.
What?
What kind of country is this?
My monthly living expenses are the same as their salaries.
Is that why she mentioned the kind of this country?
- Eat up. - Okay.
Bye. It was nice meeting you.
Me too.
Oh, right. You must not have transportation fee either.
(The Second Son of Gangsoo Group Made a Scene on a Plane)
Here, take this.
Well...
I have a favor to ask of you.
There he comes!
Sir, is it true about your son?
Where is your second son?
- Please say a word. - Did you talk to your son?
- Sir. - Please make way.
Please say a word.
Oh, dear.
- Sir. - Sir, please say a word.
- Sir. - Where is your son?
- Sir. - What did your son say about this?
My apologies, sir.
Where is he?
Bring him to me immediately.
Immediately!
Yes, sir.
Gosh, where on earth did he go?
Excuse me. These.
Where did you find those?
They were in his locker.
Does it mean he disappeared in a swimsuit?
He wasn't captured in the footage after he went in the spa.
That's impossible unless he was drowned to death.
- Let's go through it again. - Okay.
(Dad)
Hello?
Did you even do your job properly?
How could you let such news to be broadcast?
Why is that my fault?
This wouldn't have happened if you had taken proper care of him.
I can't do a better job than this.
He's not a child, so I can't watch him 24 hours a day.
You should if that's necessary.
I'm so apologetic to the chairman.
You don't have to be so anxious about my situation.
What about Master Byun? Is he all right?
- I'm looking for him. - Still?
Gosh, where is he at this hour?
It's cold outside. I'm worried he might get sick.
That darn precious chairman's son...
will be fine somewhere without any worries, so take care of yourself.
Punk. I guess the work is hard-standing for him.
Still, he should be grateful for the fact that he and I are...
making our living thanks to the chairman.
Ungrateful brat.
Goodness.
My dad has been calling him "Master Byun" all his life.
Gosh, I'm so tired.
Dad!
Goodness, my son.
How have you been, my Hyuk?
Yes.
Just a moment, Mr. Chairman.
What?
It's done, sir.
All right. Let's go in.
Je Hoon, bye.
Good boy.
Gosh, how have you been, my boy?
What should we have for dinner, galbi or bulgogi?
- Galbi! - That sounds good.
I had no idea...
I'd clean up his mess all my life until then.
He's the eye sore in my life.
But he's also my life's elevator which I can never let go of.
He did nothing wrong.
You darn time bomb.
It's your fault to let him ride on the plane alone.
(The Second Son of Gangsoo Group Made a Scene on a Plane)
Whichever humiliation I may face, I'll put up with it.
I'll get compensated for this no matter what.
- He's something. - Hyuk is?
I don't think so.
I felt so frustrated...
that I came here for a talisman to stop him from causing more trouble.
You'll only block his future if you use a talisman.
He's on his way to become great at the moment.
People called Einstein stupid when he was little.
Edison was kicked out of his school.
You know that Steve Jobs was once a drug addict, right?
My goodness. Jobs was addicted to drugs?
He has a perfect balance of negative and positive.
He's born lucky with people, wealth, and everything.
Don't be so anxious and relax.
How should I persuade him?
I need to start off smoothly...
so that he doesn't feel uncomfortable.
Actually, this might not work out.
He was such a rude, mean jerk.
I'll ask him since your situation is desperate,
but don't expect too much.
By the way, June. Can I have one more of this?
It's delicious, right?
It's 7 dollars, but I'll make it 6 dollars for you.
I'll pay you back as soon as I find my wallet.
Don't forget. It's 30 dollars for a stay.
Okay.
No, that's not going to happen.
Come on. Don't be like this and let him stay for one night.
He was kicked out without any money, so he had nowhere else to go.
It's cold outside, so I couldn't ignore him.
I don't see why I have to let a stranger sleep over at my house.
For the universal mankind's sake,
share a little bit of your private place with him.
No.
Je Hoon, why are you so cold-hearted?
What?
Oh, gosh.
- Help me! - What's the matter?
Why?
- What is it? - There's a mouse here.
It's a mouse. It's so fast.
What is this?
This is the person I was talking about.
He's my comrade who was fired from the hotel because of me.
Comrade?
Nice to meet you.
"Nice to meet you"?
I told you he's cold.
Yes, I understand.
Please let him stay overnight.
If you don't let him,
I'll need to let him sleep in my room.
- What? - Really?
But I can't do that.
We can't sleep in the same room.
He's going to give us the money.
Let's share.
He looks cold on the outside,
but his heart is as vast as the sea.
- He looks really kind. - Of course.
I feel bad for him. Just for one night.
Gosh.
What happened?
As you can see,
because of my clothes, there was a misunderstanding.
I couldn't even get my cell phone back,
so I couldn't call you.
So how did you end up here?
I know, right?
We must be destined.
So this is what your room looks like.
Stand up. Let's go home.
I can't.
Didn't you see the news?
That's why I can't go home.
Go and turn yourself in. We can't stop this any longer.
The chairman wants that too.
Je Hoon.
Chae Ri...
cheated on me with my friend.
I saw her with him at the hotel.
It's been a hard day for me.
I want to at least be able to sleep well.
Can't you just stay by my side and comfort me as my friend?
You really are incorrigible.
The company is in such big trouble because of you.
And yet, you're having a hard day because of your girlfriend?
This is the last night.
- What? - If I turn in myself tomorrow,
I'll have to stay in prison.
It's going to be the last night for me.
Please stay with me, my friend.
My friend.
(Expiration Date for my 2 years of installment savings)
I lost all my precious savings...
because of that weird girl.
It was the best part time job that paid well.
What should I do to fill my schedule?
(Chauffeur service, Convenience Store)
They didn't respect my rights...
and treated me like an expendable.
I quit right away and came out.
I made the right call, right?
If I had been so loyal to the company,
I would have gotten hurt like you.
You do understand why I don't want to...
work as a full-time employee, right?
- You should sleep here. - Can't I sleep on the bed?
It hurts my back.
No.
What's June like?
She's out of the ordinary.
Out of the ordinary?
She lives off part time jobs and thinks she's doing fine.
- She's cool. - What?
She's the savior of my life. She's like the light for me.
What are you talking about?
If it weren't for her, I would've starved to death on the road today.
She's the first person...
that has been nice to me.
She's just nosy.
I want to return the favor.
Did you borrow money from her?
Just the rent and three bowls of ramyeon.
39 dollars.
You went to a stranger...
and asked her for ramyeon and rent?
I can't believe June.
Stay down there.
I used to spend that much money just to pay for one meal.
It was so miserable not having that money.
It hurt my pride too.
I had to lower myself.
Did you realize that today?
But I...
realized I was a fool...
that can't even make 10 dollars by myself.
You told me I received privileges...
for obeying my dad.
I understand it now.
What happened to you?
But June won't obey.
She doesn't think he's the king.
She turned the place upside down saying that...
she can't give up her rights and pride because of money.
She was so full of swag.
You should have seen that.
She lost her temper again.
How did you first meet June?
Have you lived here for a long time?
You don't need to know that.
It's none of your business.
Didn't you hear me?
I...
like you.
I like you.
So what?
What do you want me to do?
Gosh.
Every time I think about this, it frustrates me.
"People are given values according to what they do"?
Kwon Je Hoon, you have the same mindset...
as the weird girl and the manager that kicked me out.
Gosh, you jerk!
I...
like you.
I like you.
How close are you two?
You two aren't dating, right?
What...
Stop talking nonsense, and go back to sleep.
Right? Okay. Of course not.
I knew it wasn't' like that.
But...
why did you ask me if we're dating?
- Do you... - I think June likes me.
What?
Then why would she have been so nice to me?
She took care of me.
She took me with her all day,
let me ride her car, bought me meals,
and even let me sleep here.
She's probably into me.
I'm always so popular.
Hey.
You need to get up early in the morning to go turn yourself in.
So go to sleep, okay?
Je Hoon, please take good care of her...
while I'm gone.
What do you mean that it's hard to live in Korea?
How dare you talk to me that way?
It hurts.
I think...
I'm in love with her.
Everything before her...
was just rehearsals.
I think I finally met...
the woman of my destiny.
(Revolutionary Love)
- Just do this first. - It's like the underworld.
I was just following her, and I'm now working a part-time job.
Save me.
Don't get in trouble by running wild.
Just stay in your place.
Why? What happened?
I'm going to last until the end.
I have the woman of my destiny and my best friend.
This is true paradise.
Please educate your child properly.
Look at the mess he created.
Is your chairman's son in trouble again?
Why is he like that?
I can't stay like this. I need to prove that I'm not an evil force.